Mike Miller

Starting today, I will be working in Osaka at IMC for a year.
The IMC building is about a ten minute walk from the train station. The building looks new and is the tallest one in the neighbourhood.
I took the elevator to the seventh floor.
A bespectacled man was waiting for me at the entrance.
"Oh, Yamada. It's been a while."
"Miller, it's good to see you again. Have you been well?"
"Yes."
Yamada has been to IMC's American branch on a business trip in the past. He is a kind and diligent man.
"When did you arrive in Japan?"
"A week ago."
"I see. Please feel free to let me know if you run into any issues."
"Thank you very much. I'll be in your hands from now on."
"Let's do our best together."
He bowed.
"The office is that way. 
After being shown around by Yamada, I entered the office.

Once inside, I saw a woman busy with work. She paused and greeted Yamada energetically. She seemed cheerful and caring.
"Hello, Satou. This is Mike Miller."
Yamada looked at me. Satou rose from her seat and walked towards us.
"Hello. I am Mike Miller. I came here from America. Let's do our best together," I greeted her. I had practiced these words several times at home before coming. I think I spoke rather well.
"My name is Satou Keiko. Let's do our best together," she replied.
I stuck my hand out, but she bowed instead of shaking my hand.
...
I thought for a moment before pulling my hand back and bowing.
That was the moment I realized I was in a foreign country.

The next day, I received a small box from Satou.
"Thank you very much. What is this?"
"A present from the company."
She smiled as she spoke. This did not seem like an ordinary present.
"Miller, please open it and take a look."
I opened the paper box. There were a lot of white cards stuffed inside. There was text on each one.
"Ah—it's my name!"
In the centre of each card were the words "Mike Miller" in katakana. The company's name, address and phone number were also printed on each one. On the back, the same was printed in English.
"These are your business cards. When you meet people for the first time for business, be sure to give them one."
"I understand."
Yamada returned to the office in the afternoon.
"Miller, did you receive your business cards from Satou?"
"Yes."
After checking the calendar hung on the wall, he said, "Next Monday, you will be accompanying our department chief, Matsumoto, to meet Power Denki. Therefore, please do not forget to bring your business cards."
"I understand."
I circled next Monday on the calendar in red and wrote "P" on it.
"You will be receiving lots of business cards from now on, so it would be good to buy something to keep them in."
"I understand. Business cards are important in Japan, aren't they?"
"Yes, your business card is akin to your face," said Yamada.
